# Report
---
These are the distinct values associated with metadata.oai_dc:dc.dc:descriptionnote:

1. My project looked at identifying how to spread the word about our organization with as little expenditures as possible. Specifically, I looked at how not-for-profits can harness technology like Facebook, Twitter, and blogs to reach their audience.
2. This mini-documentary, shot during the 2010 University of Tennessee football season, displays the typical fan experience during a game day in Knoxville, Tenn. It highlights such popular traditions as tailgating, the Vol Navy, the Vol Walk, running through the "T" and singing "Rocky Top."
3. <p>This is our senior project, which describes our layout of an open source student database system.</p>
4. <p>Institution: The University of Tennessee-Knoxville</p>
5. <p>In northern Uganda, cultural revival has become a major topic of concern after the decades-long civil conflict that displaced 1.9 million people. During that time, the Lord‟s Resistance Army (LRA) abducted an estimated 20,000 children and adults as mercenaries, porters, and sex slaves, and killed and mutilated thousands of others. The LRA wreaked general havoc on the entire northern population, contributing to the ensuing psychological and physical traumas that accompany such an experience. In the chaos and devastation of the protracted conflict, many cultural practices have fallen to the wayside, including dances, songs, folktales, marriage rites, social norms and rules, and the practice of wang’oo, or nightly fireside meetings with extended family members. Wang’oo is seen by many to be the social, cultural, political, and ideological backbone of Luo society. Its discontinuation has led to the prolonged absence of other practices and has contributed to the general sense of social breakdown.</p>
<p><br />In this thesis, I propose that the post-conflict reconstruction era in northern Uganda has opened up a space for social restructuring, including adding and discontinuing practices by certain groups (i.e., the youth or the cultural institution), and I discuss how this restructuring has been problematized, namely by elders. Though some cultural revival projects are carried out by foreigners, here I focus on the Acholi opinion of cultural revival. I will explore how some cultural practices have changed over the course of the war and how reviving wang’oo is understood to help those affected by the conflict to find some sense of healing and closure. Such help, in the view of wang’oo proponents, includes resolving some of the tension between those who experienced the conflict differently and empowering communities to form their own economic endeavors and demand better services from their government. My analysis is based on original fieldwork carried out over the course of seven months in 2010. I conducted focus group discussions, individual interviews with women‟s groups, politicians, religious leaders, traditional dance groups, and many others. I also observed multiple cultural events, including wang’oo and traditional dance as well as carried out two projects that involved how the youth experience culture in the post-conflict setting. All names have been changed to protect the confidentiality of participants, except where permission was explicitly given.</p>
6. <p>
<p>As online networking, including the use of social media, becomes more prominent in today’s society, it has been utilized as a successful tool for political figures.  Because social media boasts the two-way communication model of interaction online, it is important to consider and evaluate how politicians are using new media technologies, and specifically social media, to run their election campaigns and govern afterward.  Attempting to better understand effective usage of new media technology, this project is a case study analysis of the social media used by Tea Party backed candidates in the 2010 U. S. Senate elections.  The research examines the candidates’ use of social media, specifically social networks (Facebook), social video (YouTube), and microblogs (Twitter), and how it is incorporated into their overall political communication efforts.  These efforts are measured with a one-month monitoring of posts vs. responses.  While this case study specifically focuses on the Tea Party, the research discusses overall usage of social media for campaigning and governing.  First of all, the study addresses the issues involved with political social media usage, such as transparency and control.  Additionally, it shows examples of successful usage for others to follow.  Together, these findings create a glance at the current social media landscape in politics and provide a learning opportunity for future campaigns and politicians.   <strong></strong></p>
</p>
7. <p>The choral conducting recital at the culmination of a senior honors thesis involving the assembly, rehearsal, and performance of a volunteer choral ensemble of 20 singers as well as five instrumentalists.</p>
8. <p>My name will appear as "Lance Goodman" in the credits due to the fact that I am known by my middle name.  If the video file is not able to be opened or it has been corrupted, please go to the following link in order to view the documentary: <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HeYERgcIzk">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HeYERgcIzk</a>    </p>
9. <p>The Living Light Project is a multi-disciplinarian effort between primarily the colleges of engineering and architecture.  We were tasked with the construction of an energy efficient two person home to compete in the 2011 Solar Decathlon in Washington, D.C.  My group was assigned to develop a controls system to manage all of the inherent tasks of energy management within the house.  The word document is our portion of a master document outlining the work on the living light house.  The powerpoint file breaks down our work development and is what we presented at our end of year presentations.</p>
10. <p>The detection of flaws within steam generator tubing is an important part of safety in a nuclear plant as it could potentially lead to release of radioactive material if unchecked. The current test method for testing these tubes is expensive and time consuming; however, as sound has been used to detect flaws successfully in other applications, an alternative method for using acoustics and accelerometers to detect flaws is what has been explored in this project. Preliminary results of testing with a simple hollow steel tube have given promising results of detecting a hole as small as 7.66% of the tube diameter. Testing of a model steam generator with four tubes led showed promising results using a motor to vibrate the system. </p>
11. <p>The intented format for this is essay is as a website.  The URL for this website is http://web.utk.edu/~miller02.  As a word document the essay also has links built into it to preserve the movement of the website, but the website is the intended reading format. </p>
12. <p>A revised version of this honors thesis project will be posted at a later date.</p>
13. None
14. Thesis draft for Review. Aiming for second set of spring deadlines.
15. My committee has approved this version of the thesis.  It has been converted to PDF format.
16. Final Version
17. <p>The work reported herein was done at Arnold Engineering Development Center (AEDC). This report was approved for public release on February 2, 2011 under AEDC PA Number: AEDC2011-006. Distribution of this document is unlimited.</p>
18. This thesis has attached files (movies).
19. There are currently no page numbers in the entire document. This will be resolved before the final submission deadline.
20. <p>An evaluation of a carbon tax as a means to lower the US budget deficit. Includes economic analysis and budget estimates.</p>
21. This is version approved by my thesis committee.
22. <p>Large file (42 MB) - had to scan in color.</p>
23. <p>Page 162 is missing.</p>
24. <p>Final copy.</p>
25. <p>Final Revision</p>
26. <p>Audio files can be accessed as supplemental MP3 files in TRACE. These can be played back using standard iTunes or Windows Media players.</p>
27. <p>This project includes the statement of the problem, in the "manifesto," as well as a design solution to that problem, seen with the MICA Extension.</p>
28. <p>An examination of the effects of closing equine slaughter facilities as well as Tennessee's stake in their use and operation.</p>
29. <p>The proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership is a Free Trade Agreement in negotiations between Australia, Brunei Darussalam, Canada, Chile, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore, Vietnam and Japan. If negotiations succeed, the Trans-Pacific Partnership will be the largest free trade area in the world, dwarfing the EU. This paper examine's Japan's politically controversial decision to enter negotiations, as the agreement would hurt Japan's agricultural communities which have a disproportionately loud voice in Japanese Politics. </p>
30. <p>An investigation of the way in which writers of the Beat generation (including Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg) challenged postwar American consumerism with "Beat consumption."</p>
31. <p>BLURRY EQUATIONS WILL BE CORRECTED BEFORE FINAL SUBMISSION</p>
32. <p>It was very interesting to do a study on a trend that I am apart of. I am grateful to all of the colleges that worked with me in the compilation of this project. </p>
33. <p>Honorable Mention at 2011 EPA P3 Competition</p>
34. <p>This paper will explore Dalí’s post-war interest in unifying science and religion to his work. In Dalí’s opinion, science and religion were increasingly becoming interconnected; thus, the combination of atomic-age physics and Catholic doctrine could aid in his exploration of the “mystery of life.” Calling this contrast of fusion Nuclear Mysticism, he undertakes this method of treatment to justify Christianity for himself by using scientific principles to prove the validity of God.</p>
35. <p>Large file 39MB</p>
36. <p>Final Version.  PUBLISH</p>
37. <p>Final</p>
38. <p>This is to be my (Steven Blake Thomas) final version of the thesis pending all formatting is correct.</p>
39. <p>Final submittion</p>
40. <p>This is only an outline and bibliography of my thesis.</p>
41. <p>Whoop! This is the real deal.</p>
42. <p>William M. Mayfield</p>
<p>Pulaski, TN</p>
43. <p>This study was conducted to assist the conservation of unique freshwater mussel species of the New River Basin in the Cumberland Mountains of Tennessee.</p>
44. <p>Final Version</p>
45. <p>Final Submission</p>
46. <p>An independent play and performance written and directed by Dimi Venkov. </p>
47. <p>large file with color plates (33 MB)</p>
48. <p>large file with color plates (28 MB)</p>
49. <p>(The size of the PDF is 24 MB.)</p>
50. <p>This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. OISE-1210034.</p>
<p>Any opinions, findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation (NSF).</p>
51. <p>Note that Drs. Tsewei Wang and Cong Trinh are co-advisors for this thesis, as approved by S. Kay Reed on July 31, 2012.</p>
52. <p>Lyndy,</p>
<p>Final version.</p>
<p>Phyliss</p>
53. <p>Check out the html tags</p>
54. <p>This report provides a detailed analysis on the economic feasibility of the introduction of Vanadium Redox Flow Batteries into the power grid. Specifically this report deals with the real life case where the flow of the solutions occur at a finite flow rate in which voltage generation drops as the solution concentration drops through the cells. This flow rate through the cells is then optimized based on net power generation through any given discharge cycle. </p>
55. <p>An attempt to improve communications and efficiency in the Outpatient surgery process at the East Tennessee Children's Hospital. </p>
56. <p>A business approach to comparing the technology and productivity of solar modules in our world. </p>
57. <p>This project deals with the qualities of a transient space as non-place through a design of a airport in Boulder, Colorado. </p>
58. <p>This project was a part of a collaborative international studio lead by Professor Mark DeKay (USA) and Professor Sharad Sheth (India) that studied low cost housing project design. Teammates Sam Bouck and Forrest Reynolds worked alongside students Niharika Joshi and Suraj Dwivedi of the College of Architecture, Sardar Patel Institute of Technology, Vasad, India.</p>
59. <p>Contemporary life is characterized by the desire to go from place to place as fast and efficiently as possible. The Interstate Highway System is meant to improve the speed and efficiency of travel from point to point. The faster that we travel, the less our perception is able to understand the places to our periphery. The off ramp is an instrument that shifts us from the fast paced interstate travel, with the focus ahead to a new path outside normal perception of the interstate speeds. We discover at this point many of the things we overlooked while engulfed in the speed of the highway.</p>
<p>Architecture can be an instrument of changing velocities. It can slow us down to understand or speed us up to pass something unknowingly.</p>
<p>Some places can be lost to speed just as the motions of a body. Each is understood through a sequence of frames. Eadweard Muybridge first showed us this through the examination of a horse’s gallop. His series of photographs revealed that the horse leaves the ground completely at a certain point, oblivious to our perception. The gallop is a series of dissimilar frames combined together to form a complete motion. Places like the roadside are the one frame in the sequence of a trip that stands out against the rest of the otherwise identical frames.</p>
60. <p>Large file 37MB</p>
61. <p>Large file, 28MB</p>
62. <p>Large file - 26 MB</p>
63. <p>Final Thesis</p>
64. <p>Both Thesis Approval Forms were submitted on April 6th to the Graduate School.</p>
65. <p>To compile this pdf, I used LaTeX and modified the UT thesis LaTeX template provided on the thesis website. Many modifications were necessary.</p>
66. <p>The project described was supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant Number DMR1001381 and the National Institutes of Health under Grant Number 5R01EB006145- National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering. The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Science Foundation,the National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering or the National Institutes of Health.</p>
67. <p>This if the final draft. I have changed a few things since last time. Please let me know if this is still fine to submit.</p>
68. <p>My thesis is more or less a guidebook for individuals working with special populations, in particular youth with disabilities.  It outlines details of various disabilities and how those disabilities may play a role in their leisure participation</p>
69. <p>The methodology of conventional free radical polymerization was employed throughout our research to study polymerization behavior in three RTILs (room temperature ionic liquids): 1-butyl-3-methylimidazolium hexafluoroposphate ([BMIM]PF<sub>6</sub>), (tetrabutylammonium dioctyl) sulfosuccinate (Terrasail) and (1-isopropyl-3-methylimidazolium) methanesulfonate (Marisail).</p>
<p>Sequential addition free radical polymerization in RTILs emerged as a new route to obtain polystyrene - poly(methyl methacrylate) block copolymers. We applied the same strategy to the block copolymerization of other two systems: the monomer pair of styrene-vinyl acetate in Terrasail, and the monomer pair of styrene-acrylic acid in [BMIM]PF<sub>6</sub>. While styrene-vinyl acetate block copolymers with a composition of 50% (VAc mol%) were obtained, the polymerization of styrene-acrylic acid only yielded polymers with mainly styrene units. Therefore, sequential addition free radical polymerization in RTILs is not effective on all polymerization systems (eg. Styrene-acrylic acid/[BMIM]PF<sub>6</sub>).  </p>
<p>Our study on free radical homopolymerization of 2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate (HEMA) in RTILs showed that the positive effects of employing RTILs as reaction medium could be extended from polymerization of alkyl methacrylates to that of functional methacrylates. All of the reactions exhibited very high polymerization rates, and the resulting products possessed higher molecular weight than those polymers obtained using methanol as solvent.</p>
<p>Copolymerizations of the monomer pairs styrene/vinyl acetate, styrene/acrylic acid, styrene/HEMA (2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate) were carried out in RTILs via conventional free radical polymerization. However, our results failed to show any dramatic effects of RTILs on the free radical copolymerization, although RTILs are believed to be able to enhance the rates of propagation while depressing the rates of termination in homopolymerizations.</p>
70. <p>(large file - 50 MB)</p>
71. <p>(large file - 62 MB)</p>
72. <p>(large file - 27 MB)</p>
73. <p>Bound copy includes a CD of 160 additional photos. Attached below is a PDF of those photos (although only 62 of the 160 converted correctly).</p>
74. <p>Dry granular alum (aluminum sulfate) has been used effectively as a broiler litter amendment to reduce ammonia (NH3) volatilization in broiler production houses. Some broiler producers are currently using liquid alum, but no published information is available concerning its use in treating broiler litter. Likewise, information has not been published on the use of liquid alum to reduce Salmonella and Campylobacter. The three goals of this project were to enumerate and test the survival of Salmonella and Campylobacter in four commercial broiler production houses, compare in-house ammonia levels with four different liquid alum treatments, and compare two ammonia emissions estimate methods in a broiler house: a nitrogen mass-balance approach and a flow-integration approach. This project investigated four treatment levels of liquid aluminum sulfate (Al+Clear® Liquid Alum, General Chemical Corporation, Parsippany, New Jersey) in four adjacent broiler production houses of the same design. The houses were treated with the following rates of liquid alum: 0, 0.82, 1.64, and 2.46 L m-2. These rates are equivalent to 0, 45, 90, and 135 kg of dry aluminum sulfate per 93 m2 of production unit floor area on an aluminum sulfate basis. Each broiler house contained approximately 30,000 birds with a six-week grow-out period per flock. There were approximately two weeks between harvest of birds and introduction of the next flock when the houses were empty. The study was conducted over an 18-month period, and eight flocks of broilers were grown in each house. v Pathogen Component Pathogen sampling events for each grow-out occurred at the beginning of the grow-out and 21 d after alum application. Four composite litter samples were collected for each sample event. Modified Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) methods were used to detect and enumerate Aerobic Plate Counts (APCs), coliforms, Salmonella and Campylobacter in the litter samples (AOAC, 1998). All isolates were confirmed biochemically and serologically. Data are reported for 15 sample events (2002- 2003 production year). In all four broiler houses, there was a decreasing trend over 12 months in Salmonella levels when compared to pre-treatment (baseline) bacteria levels. Salmonella levels increased within individual grow-outs in each of the houses during the study. There was a negative correlation between levels of Salmonella and litter pH when litter pH was reduced below 3.5. Campylobacter was detected for four months during the study in house 1, 2, and 4. The 1.64 L m-2 alum application rate reduced Campylobacter levels by log 0.94 CFU ml-1 and the 0.82 L m-2 rate reduced Campylobacter levels by log 3.5 CFU ml-1. In the three alum-treated houses, coliform levels were reduced when compared to baseline levels. In the control house, coliform levels increased when compared to baseline levels. Liquid alum did not reduce APCs over the production period. These research findings suggest that the use of alum can reduce Salmonella, Campylobacter, and coliforms over a 12-month period in a poultry broiler production facility. vi In-house NH3 Concentrations Component In the four units, in-house gaseous ammonia levels were measured every 5 s using Dräger Polytron I electrochemical gas sensors. Data are reported on four flocks of birds (October 2002 – May 2003). The 0.82 L m-2 application rate was effective at maintaining in-house NH3 concentrations below 25 ppm for the first two weeks of the grow-out. Both the 1.64 L m-2 and 2.46 L m-2 rates were effective in keeping in-house NH3 levels below 25 ppm for the first three weeks of the grow-out. Ammonia Emissions Component Total nitrogen inputs (bedding shavings, new birds, and feed) and outputs (broilers and litter) were used to arrive at the mass-balance ammonia emission estimate. The difference between nitrogen inputs and outputs was assumed to be volatilized nitrogen. In addition, a flow-integration emission estimate was determined by collecting house 4 NH3 concentrations and exhaust fan flow-rate data every 5 s for 168 d (four flocks of birds). The nitrogen mass-balance estimate was calculated as 9754 kg NH3 yr – 1house-1. The flow-integrated method yielded an NH3 emission estimate of 9161 kg NH3 yr –1house-1, within 6% of the mass-balance approach. Both methods resulted in an average daily NH3 emission factor of 17 g hr –1 500 kg bird mass-1. Using the flow-integration method, the maximum NH3 emission rate was 61 kg d-1 house-1 and the average NH3 emission rate was 28 kg d-1 house-1. Mass-balance methods appear to be a useful technique for providing accurate long-term (e.g. year) NH3 emission estimates from poultry broiler production units. The flowvii integrated approach with carefully designed ammonia measurement equipment can supply short-term (e.g. days, weeks) NH3 emission factors.</p>
75. <p><br /></p>
<p><br /></p>
76. <p>(large file - 41 MB)</p>
77. <p>Data Collection Collaboration: Sara Nash</p>
78. <p>This documentation describes <em>Tweet Mapper</em>, a software program designed and built by Adams, Cox, and Nash to visualize the locations of millions of tweets sent from within the United States. These tweets are visualized by state, with shading applied so that regions with more tweets are darker than regions with less tweets sent in a given amount of time.</p>
79. <p>This study seeks to highlight cultural trends within American history that suggest a relationship between the religious assumptions of American imperial designs and the construction of racial and sexual imagery as well as the creation of religious narratives to characterize various American conflicts through most of the past two centuries. </p>
80. <p>Vortex is a software project for the management and access of a vending machine network.</p>
81. <p>Large file, 30MB</p>
82. <p>The visco seal is a device that provides a means of sealing a rotating shaft passing through a bulkhead wall, thereby establishing a pressure gradient across the wall. The operation of the visco seal (also called threaded seal, spiral groove seal and viscosity pump) is based on a momentum exchange principle through viscous shear. </p>
<p>Consider two flat plates separated by a liquid (Figure 1). As the plate moves across the liquid, it transmits momentum to the molecules of liquid adjacent to the plate. These molecules in turn collide with other molecules, which continue the process of collision in which each molecule conveys to the next molecule less momentum than was transmitted to it. As a result, the velocity of the molecules in contact with the moving plate is equal to that of the plate, and the velocity of molecules at the stationary surface is zero. For Newtonian fluids the velocity of the fluid between the two surfaces has been experimentally found to be directly proportional to the distance from the fluid element to the stationary surface when the flow is laminar and no pressure gradient is present (see Figure 1). </p>
83. <p>Something that I am still not clear on, and hope you can help me understand. I saw in the revisions that you asked me to do that any of the figures or tables should be at least a half-inch from any other text. Does that include page numbers?</p>
84. <p>(large grayscale file - 49 MB)</p>
85. <p>As organizations continue to expand across the country and around the globe, the context in which the average subordinate works becomes modified.  Previous research has suggested that increased physical and psychological distance between leaders and their followers negatively impacts the relational quality between supervisor and subordinate.  Additionally, studies have shown that workplace variations in leader-member exchange may promote general and relational envy on the part of subordinates.  This research project presents findings into an investigation of the effect of physical and psychological distance on the supervisor-subordinate relationship, as well as the effect of general and relational envy in organizations.  Outcomes of over 120 leader-follower dyads were analyzed for leader-member exchange, organizational citizenship behaviors, general and relational envy, and task performance.  Findings suggest that both relational and general envy are significantly and negatively related to leader-member exchange quality and that psychological distance moderates the relationship between leader-member exchange and relational envy.  Suggestions for industry professionals and implications for future research are discussed.</p>
86. <p>An analysis, through instances of reported discourse, of the contextual Roman audiences of Caesar's <em>De Bello Gallico</em>.</p>
87. <p>Looks at the political and economic effects of the 2014 law allowing Tennessee localities to hold referendums on whether to allow the sale of wine in grocery stores</p>
88. <p>It is my hope that this work will promote future research on subjunctive acquisiton and Spanish instruction.</p>
89. <p>As a science writer at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, I crafted news releases, scientist profiles and other pieces to communicate science to the public.</p>
90. <p>This is a collection of original works. The short story tells the tale of the man who allowed the pursuit of scientific discovery to destroy his humanity. The poetry demonstrates how the human psyche is aware and intertwined with the natural world. Together, these works demonstrate that the delicate framework of scientific systems are not only quantifiable, but also inspirable.</p>
91. <p>This body of work stems from personal reflection on the concrete imagery and loaded emotion that is ingrained in many Biblical stories. Although many famous artists (Durer, Dore, Rembrandt, Masaccio etc.) have preceded me in printing and painting Biblical imagery, I believe that the Bible can continue to be interpreted many different ways, both in peoples’ walk with God and in artwork. Thus, in my work, I have chosen to focus on intimacy between the people interacting in each scenario. I believe that this intimacy is created in relationships, and in my art I have selectively chosen particularly salient relationships that describe love and conflict.</p>
92. <p>This paper will show that East Tennessee Federal District Judge Robert L. Taylor is a prime example of the influence that a single judge can have on the federal judicial system. Judge Taylor’s influence will be proven by an examination of the following factors: caseload management, affirmation/reversal rate of his decisions, citations of his decisions in other cases, the impact of his decisions on East Tennessee, and on the federal judiciary generally, and other miscellaneous categories. </p>
93. <p>A software development project within the interdisciplinary EcoCAR2 Student Design Competition.</p>
94. <p>Understanding perspectives of Hispanic families is paramount to educating children of these families well. This thesis seeks to understand parent - school dynamics through presuppositions each party has towards the American school system and encourages teachers to take action to bridge this gap. </p>
95. <p>Final process book for the Vols Compost branding and awareness campaign.</p>
96. <p>brightma@utk.edu</p>
97. <p>Abstract: </p>
<p>While aging Americans have an overwhelming preference to live in their homes as they age, most design efforts are put into the development of assisted living centers and the like.  In an effort to allow the elderly to continue to reside among their familiar and personal surroundings, homes should be a place that support lifelong residency by becoming an apparatus to aid in that process.  But the needs extend beyond issues of mobility and accessibility.  The home should be a place of identity that reflects the past but also allows the resident to look beyond himself and his life, and consider its context in the larger sense of community.  </p>

<p>My investigation looks at the life and home of former Chapel Hill clothier, Milton Julian, and his last days spent in his log cabin on his former horse farm.  As he prepares to make the transition to the end of his life, a place is created that absorbs the past and adapts to an existing condition.  It becomes a place of identity for him and highlights his overall connection to the land.  While the design delves into the detail scale of everyday elements throughout Milton’s living space, it also considers the design on a grander scale and timeline, for the family and possible visitors at some future time. Just as the home implies a sense of family and gathering, the overall design considers spaces in which family can congregate in support and fellowship for him and return to this land, in remembrance, for years to come. </p>
98. <p><strong>Abstract</strong></p>
<p>Primates are reliable seed dispersers due to their foraging patterns and ability to transport seeds several hundred kilometers away from the parent tree. It has been observed in the wild that seeds defecated by primates with longer digestive tracts have more successful seed germination. Within the primate stomach, hydrochloric acid (HCl) is a major gastric acid that helps digest and breakdown foods. Hydrochloric acid may also be beneficial to plants as well; the acid provides corrosion of the seed coat to reduce the time a seed spends dormant. Therefore organisms that swallow seeds indirectly treat seeds with HCl acid baths and provide beneficial seed modifications. In this study, seeds were treated with HCl for two hour intervals to determine the effect on germination and growth to stimulate varying time in the gut of various primate species with varying gut lengths. We found that larger primates (i.e., those with longer digestive tracts) may be more effective seed dispersers as seeds germinated earlier and seedlings performed better the longer the time they spent in the acid (i.e., stimulated gut), although they were also more susceptible to herbivory. These findings demonstrate the positive effects of primates on seedling germination and their potential as seed dispersers.</p>
<p><strong><em>Keywords</em></strong><em>:</em> acid baths, endozoochory, gut length, plant-animal interaction, primate, seed dispersal, seed dormancy</p>
99. <p>Complete Works Cited on a separate document.</p>
100. <p>(large file - 54 MB)</p>
101. <p>This short documentary analyzes the refugee resettlement policy in Tennessee. It discusses system design, implementation challenges, and proposed solutions. The discussion of the system structure includes an overview of international and domestic processing, as well as a detailed look at the support offered to refugees during their first months in the United States. The film then focuses on the resettlement programs offered in Tennessee and assesses some of the major challenges associated with them. Among these challenges are: adequate communication between refugees and government operators, program adaptation to changing refugee needs, English language learning, long-term support, and disagreement in the legislature. HB1326/SB1325 is a bill proposed in 2013 that would potentially eliminate the existence of the refugee resettlement program in Tennessee. The bill has not passed yet, and a committee was created to perform a cost assessment study. Through conservative estimates, this study concluded that refugees contribute positively to the Tennessee economy. The final section of the documentary discusses possible solutions to issues surrounding refugee care in Tennessee. These include: better childcare support, mandatory English classes for longer periods, and more efficient communication methods between refugees, the public, legislators and resettlement agencies. It concludes that better education and communication training is fundamental to creating a more efficient and effective refugee resettlement system.</p>
102. <p>This work is associated with CURENT center in EECS dept. and NSF funding.</p>
103. <p>This thesis goes over literature in the fields on cultural anthropology and international business in an attempt to highlight the need for consideration of cultural distances when a company goes through the country selection process.</p>
104. <p>This article discusses challenges that Volkswagen workers at the Chattanooga, TN factory have faced while attempting to unionize their location.</p>
105. <p>This paper seeks to define the antecedents and destructive tendencies that inevitably impel an effective leader to organizational dissolution. A definition for destructive leadership is proposed and the concept is further illustrated using three separate models: a model of <em>constructive and destructive leadership behavior </em>(Einarsen, Aasland, & Skogstad, 2007), the <em>toxic triangle </em>(Padilla, Hogan, & Kaiser, 2007), and the <em>susceptible circle </em>(Thoroughgood, Padilla, Hunter, & Tate, 2012). The concepts are then discussed in conjunction with character profiling and case analysis to provide examples of and clarify specific dynamics such as follower susceptibility and conducive environments that contribute to destructive leadership. Enron was selected to demonstrate a business organization, Nazi Germany was identified to discuss political organizations, and the People’s Temple was chosen to examine religious cults.</p>
106. <p>Approved for public release; distribution is unlimited.</p>
107. <p>added dedication and aknowledgements</p>
108. <p>(large file 35 MB)</p>
109. <p>The source code is available at https://github.com/jdorris1331/PDER-1.0.</p>
110. <p>The document contains the links to the three episodes of Womanhood. The three topics are body image, sexual assault/domestic violence and bullying.</p>
111. <p>An in-depth look at the factors that have made the UK into a global money center.</p>
112. <p>This honors thesis also counts for the honors thesis of Ben Webb, who is graduating in May of 2015 with a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering.  </p>
113. <p>This project entails a full analysis of the addition of graphite foam to a common thermal desalination process of the purification of saltwater to a level of acceptable use by society.  Heat transfer properties were analyzed to determine if this new material would be effective to maximize water output while minimizing the costs involved in operation.</p>
114. <p>This was a project started and completed by DragonFly for BME 455/469.</p>
115. <p>Due to character limitations the percontation mark is missing from the title in electronic versions of this text.<em></em></p>
116. <p>This is the final version of the thesis document with all revisions incorporated from the thesis committee and formatting notes from the Graduate School.</p>
117. <p>Very large file: 130 MB</p>
118. The text provided in the present upload is temporary, and subject to revision
119. <p>Hello, Ms. Bronstad,</p>
<p>I am resubmitting the final version of my dissertation to you.  As I mentioned in my email, I noticed the pagination problems with the PDF when I downloaded it.  I am now submitting the PDF of the same document.</p>
<p>Thank you very much, Tina Rice</p>
120. Final submission
121. This upload is the final version for official submission.
122. Here is the final version.

JP Lessard
123. The Word version uploaded on 8/6 is the final in Word format. Here is the final in PDF format.
124. An original lattice to core coupling technique based in the feedback information of loading pin-by-pin optimized bundles loaded with minor actinides in a core wide environment for light water reactors.
125. 1)Removed the first approval sheet.

2)Remove publications under the abstract.

3) Removed lists of tables and figures in the table of contents.
126. <p>final draft</p>
127. <p>The author, Rainer J. Meisterjahn, completed his Doctor of Philosophy degree in Kinesiology and Sport Studies with a Concentration in Kinesiology and a Specialization in Sport Psychology and Motor Behavior at the University of Tennessee in May 2011.</p>
128. <p>NMR spectra are included as supplementary document.</p>
129. <p>Strategic Workforce Planning requires an ongoing analysis in order to evaluate future Human Capital needs and also for providing a path to achieve optimal placement of personnel. In addition to identifying the proper size, location, and specialties of Human Capital, the real underlying challenge is to minimize personnel costs while maintaining balanced levels of Human Capital despite the constantly changing personnel environment.</p>
130. <p>updated version</p>
131. <p>Kevin James Rhodes was born in 1982 in El Paso, TX. He earned his bachelor’s degree in Biomedical Engineering with dual minors in Chemistry and Materials Science & Engineering in 2006 as well as his master’s degree in Polymer Engineering in 2008, both from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville. While pursuing a PhD in Materials Science and Engineering, Kevin was an active student member of the Electrochemical Society, Materials Research Society, and American Crystallographic Association. During this time he also taught classes in chemistry and materials science at Pellissippi State Community College and the University of Tennessee. He performed his doctoral research focused on materials degradation in lithium ion batteries at Oak Ridge National Laboratory under the guidance of Dr. Claus Daniel. In 2011 he prepared a dissertation on this work and submitted it as the final criteria for graduation. Upon completion of this doctoral degree, Kevin accepted a research engineer position in the energy storage division of Ford Motor Company.</p>
132. <p>Please refer my work (found in my 'List of publications') if you use any text or images from my dissertation. Please approach me by email (hharihar@utk.edu) before usage. </p>
133. <p>The ability to predict and prevent equipment failures is essential to various industries. In recent years, CM has been recognized as a more effective paradigm than time-based failure prevention techniques. CM can be performed across several sensor channels with broad coverage to further enhance monitoring capabilities. However, the inherent complexity caused by asynchronous sensor channels with different and/or time-varying sampling/transmission rates has long been a hurdle for constructing empirical models using multichannel CM data. The problem becomes more challenging when sensor readings are missing because of unavoidable sensor anomalies and/or malfunctions of communication in real-world operating environments.</p>
<p>Traditional sensor data recovery techniques for the purpose of interpolation and/or extrapolation, such as Neural Network (NN), Kernel Regression (KR), and Multivariate Autoregressive Moving Average (MARMA), etc., are developed for synchronously collected data. However, their applications are often prohibited in asynchronous CM environments, not to mention the one involving sparse data. Indeed, data recovery is more complex when one has an intention of using asynchronous information from other sensor channel(s) to recover the lost sensor readings for CM enhancement. To the best of our knowledge, sensor data recovery based on asynchronous CM data, yet quite important for reliable CM and fault detection in multichannel CM systems, has not been well investigated.</p>
<p>The proposed methodologies in this dissertation provide new sensor data recovery techniques that improve the observability and robustness of multichannel CM systems. Specifically, the associated sensor signals are modeled through FPCA. Based on the FPCA results obtained from historical asynchronous CM data, the deviation from the mean (or median) curve of each sensor signal can be described by unit-specific model parameters. Furthermore, the relationships among the multichannel sensor signals can be identified and used to construct statistical models for those correlated signals. In on-line implementation, these models along with parameters adjusted by real-time CM data become powerful tools for dealing with asynchronous CM data while recovering lost sensor signals when needed.</p>
<p>The FPCA approaches have the flexibility of handling cases for both single channel and multiple channels. In a case where there are adequate historical readings from a sensor channel that is currently failed, the lost sensor readings can be recovered without relying on other functional sensor channels. This approach is referred to as <em>nonparametric FPC </em>model in this dissertation. On the other hand, if there are insufficient historical measurements from the failed sensor channel, it is necessary to utilize sensor readings from other channels that are still healthy for data recovery. To this end, a functional regression model can be developed for a functional response which has the lost sensor signal, and a functional predictor which has relatively complete information. This approach is called <em>semi-parametric functional regression </em>model. A two-stage framework is developed in this dissertation to estimate the FPC scores and construct a functional relationship. The proposed regression method is an alternative to a traditional functional linear model for exploring the relationship between two CM signals. During on-line implementation, as more data are collected, the FPC scores will be updated accordingly to enhance prediction accuracy. The confidence interval of recovered signal can be calculated to quantify the prediction uncertainty. In particular, since functional regression can predict an unobserved response trajectory from a predictor trajectory, regardless of the measurement density of the predictor, it would be an enabling sensor data recovery tool for dealing with asynchronous CM data. The flexibility of FPC-based models furnishes them with substantial potential for sensor data recovery in multichannel CM environments.</p>
<p>Case studies about turbofan aircraft engines and a two-tank water flow control loop are used to demonstrate the effectiveness and adaptability of the proposed sensor data recovery techniques. Nonparametric FPC models and semi-parametric functional regression models were constructed to predict the missing values and provide the confidence interval. The results were compared against the ones obtained from another two recovery approaches of extrapolation, Elman Neural Network (ENN) and MARMA model. Our results show that the proposed approaches can provide more accurate predictions than the other two alternatives even when dealing with synchronous CM data. Moreover, the proposed approaches are capable of processing asynchronous CM data which is beyond the ENN and MARMA models that rely on synchronous data.<strong> </strong></p>
<p>To improve the robustness and prediction accuracy for the missing readings, this dissertation also proposed a robust FDA method for data recovery in Multichannel sensor systems based on FDA and LQR. This method not only considers the possibility of a skewed distribution for each channel of the signal trajectories, but is also capable of recovering missing data for both individual and correlated sensor channels with asynchronous data that may be sparse as well. In particular, grand median functions, rather than classical grand mean functions which are not robust to outliers and asymmetric distributions of signals, are utilized to smooth signal trajectories. Furthermore, the relationship between the functional scores of two correlated signals is modeled using more flexible multivariate function regression to enhance the overall data-recovery capability.</p>
<p>The experimental flow-control loop that mimics the operation of a coolant-flow loop is also used for the verification of the robust FPC approaches. The measurement data taken from more operation cycles shows that a few realization of signals deviate from the data concentration area. In this case, the robust FPC method based on grand median smoother was used to achieve robust smoothing and further recover missing values. More flexible functional regression methods were also applied to make a comparison. The results illustrate that the robust FPC models not only ensure the performance in recovering sensor signals with highly skewed distributions, but can also handle irregularly sampled data as well. The derived FPC score was also combined with an Autoassociative Kernel Regression (AAKR) model to perform the fault detection due to the sensitivity of the FPC scores to the deviation of faulty signals.</p>
<p>Although we use these experiments to demonstrate the sensor data recovery capability of the proposed methods, these methods will find applications in many systems, such as nuclear power plants, wind turbines, railway systems, and some economic fields, etc., which may face such asynchronous sampling and/or missing data collection problems. Moreover, the methodologies can be naturally extended to analyze accelerated degradation tests involving complex degradation paths with sparse and/or missing data.</p>
134. <p><strong> </strong></p>
135. <p><strong><br /></strong></p>
136. <p>The solubility of nanoparticles in solution is quantified using static light scattering and refractometry (to obtain the solute-solvent interaction parameter and refractive index increment), and purification techniques are examined for single walled carbon nanotubes.</p>
137. <p>.</p>
138. <p>This is the final draft of my dissertation.</p>
139. <p>This is the final version.</p>
140. <p>This upload is exactly like my previous submissin.  I ONLY deleted the dots "." after al in the reference section (changed "et. al." to "et. al" in the reference section</p>
141. <p>Response to student writing in higher education</p>
142. <p>This dissertation addresses three applications of resource allocation in supply chain management area.</p>
143. <p>final pending approval</p>
144. <p>Some of the material/figures in this dissertation is a copyright of the original copyright holders (journals and publishing groups). Readers may view, browse, and/or download material for temporary copying purposes only, provided these uses are for noncommercial personal purposes. Except as provided by law, this material may not be further reproduced, distributed, transmitted, modified, adapted, performed, displayed, published, or sold in whole or part, without prior written permission from the appropriate journal or publishing group/society.</p>
145. <p>Final submission of the dissertation to the thesis consultant</p>
146. <p>In this study, the concerns of liberal arts faculty members toward the use of instructional technology were explored. The Concerns-based Adoption Model developed at the University of Texas in Austin provided the methodological framework for determining the concerns and attitudes of liberal arts faculty toward the use of instructional technology. The Stages of Concern Questionnaire, an instrument based on the Concerns-based Adoption Model provided the vehicle for gathering data. The survey, openended questions, and demographic information obtained from respondents at the University of the South in Sewanee, Tennessee formed the basis of this research study.</p>
<p>Findings of this study included the determination of the peak Stage of Concern of faculty at the University of the South. The peak concern for 26% of the faculty respondents was at Stage 3-Management, a task-related concern. Stage 1-Information, a self-concern was the second peak stage with 25% of respondents. Demographic data were examined to determine relationships between the observed and expected distribution of faculty utilizing a Chi-square measurement. Significant relationships were determined to exist between academic rank, age range and peak Stage of Concern. Positive tenure status was determined to relate to the likelihood of peak concern at Stage 3-­Management while lack of tenure respondents were more likely to have a peak Stage of Concern at Stage 1-Informational. Level of use information gathered in the survey determined that frequency of use (significant at p= .02) and participation in training (significant at p= .01) as significant predictors of peak stage of concern.</p>
<p>The open-ended question related to the advantages of using instructional technology revealed that visualization and presentation of information, student motivation, and access to increased amounts of information were important factors to liberal arts faculty using instructional technology in teaching. The disadvantages associated with instructional technology were expressed as amount of time required for presentation, hardware and software failures or difficulties, and lack of adequate technical support.</p>
<p>Recommendations and implications of this research included the utility of the Concern-based Adoption Model as a diagnostic tool to detennine concerns of faculty toward instructional technology. The use of the Stages of Concern Questionnaire coupled with demographic and open-ended questions provided a diagnostic tool useful in the preparation and presentation of specific faculty training and technical support. Recommendations for further research included the development of a Stages of Concern Questionnaire related specifically to the innovation of instructional technology, longitudinal studies of the concerns of college faculty toward instructional technology and the utilization of the Stages of Concern process to determine student concerns toward the use of instructional technology.</p>
147. <p>Final submission</p>
148. <p>This research was performed on FoodNet <em>Campylobacter</em> surveillance data from Tennessee, Georgia, Minnesota and Oregon, USA.</p>
149. <p>This is my final version. Please check it out.</p>
150. <p>(no committee signature sheet was included in the original bound copy)</p>
151. <p>Missing Plate I?</p>
152. <p>Samantha Lynn Gray earned her B.A. in Psychology from Purdue University in Indianapolis, IN, in 2008. Immediately thereafter, she entered the doctoral program in clinical psychology at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville. From 2008-2013, she worked as a graduate student researcher under the supervision of Dr. Deborah Welsh studying adolescent relationships, emerging adulthood, parent attachment, psychological functioning, and later began exploring the ways in which technology may affect young adults lives. Samantha has presented research at several national conferences, and is the lead author on an encyclopedia article titled, ‘Adolescence.’ She also worked as a graduate student therapist and evaluator at the University of Tennessee Psychological Clinic from 2009-2013, as well as Cherokee Health Systems from 2011-2012. Samantha has taught five undergraduate courses at the University of Tennessee – three sections of PSYC 110: Introduction to Psychology, and two sections of PSYC 117: Honors General Psychology. In 2013, Samantha entered the APPIC match and obtained a one year-long, pre-doctoral internship at the Indiana University School of Medicine where she is looking forward to completing the requirements for the conferral of her doctorate degree.</p>
153. <p>This document contains patented information.</p>
154. <p>I changed the abstract as you suggested. This is the final version.</p>
155. <p>Reduced PDF file size</p>
156. <p>(The dissertation is a large file: 38 MB. Plates 1-6 are uploaded as an Additional File.)</p>
157. <p>Left margins in original copy are cut off on some pages</p>
158. <p>Contacts about this work should be made to jrui@utk.edu.</p>
159. <p>(large file 70MB)</p>
160. <p>Large File - 42MB</p>
161. <p>I developed a series of biodegradable and photocurable polymer networks with tunable mechanical, chemical and topographical features. The influences of these properties were well correlated with cell behavior in terms of adhesion, proliferation and differentiation. Optimized groups of materials were demonstrated that could be served as candidate materials to fabricate injectable supports for cardiovascular tissue engineering applications. Further, these polymer networks owns great potential to find applications in various tissue engineering by achieving advanced functions or more complicated structures.</p>
162. <p>This full text document is currently available to UTK students, faculty, and staff ONLY. For access to this document, please contact thesis@utk.edu.</p>
163. <p>The original is missing page v.</p>
164. <p>Missing pages 3 and 4</p>
165. <p>Statement of the Problem is only partial </p>
166. <p>The Blue Ridge and Piedmont provinces of the southern Appalachians posses s Upper Proterozoic and Lower Paleozoic age sedimentary, metasedimentary, volcanic, and metavolcanic rock thought to represent sedimentation and igneous activity related to the formation of the Iapetos (Proto-Atlantic) ocean. These sequences of strata can be related to the development of the Laurentian - Iapetos margin as seen in the Southern Appalachians . "Rift" phase sequences of the western Blue Ridge, include the Late Proterozoic age Mount Rogers, Catoctin, Grandfather Mountain formations, and the Ocoee Supergroup, which have been interpreted by other workers as representing volcanism and sedimentation in regionally discontinuous, fault-bounded basins. Possible coeval sedimentation on the newly formed continental slope and rise, has been interpreted as resulting in the deposition of the fme-grained Ashe, Lynchburg, and Tallulah Falls formations of the eastern Blue Ridge and Inner Piedmont. The distribution of thickness and facies of upper Proterozoic and early Paleozoic sedimentary and volcanic rock have been interpreted as reflecting the development of an irregular continental margin. Throughout the western Blue Ridge province these sequences are overlain by the Chilhowee Group. The Chilhowee Group is a terrigenous clastic succession that records the stabilization of the Laurentian continental margin following Late Proterozoic rifting and formation of the Iapetos ocean. This stabilization was associated with a change from fluvial sedimentation (lower portions of the Cochran and Unicoi Formations- coeval formations of the basal Chilhowee Group) to marine sedimentation (uppermost Cochran and Unicoi Formation as well as the overlying Hampton and Nichols Formations and the Nebo, Murray, Hesse, and Helenmode Formations and their northeastern equivalent, the Erwin Formation). Examination of the Chilhowee Group at seven localities in East Tennessee (five as part of this study) has resulted in numerous refinements of our understanding of the Late Proterozoic to Early Cambrian evolution of the Laurentian margin.</p>
<p>Based on the recent suggestions of Crimes that trace fossils can be used to assist in correlating the Precambrian-Cambrian boundary interval in stratigraphic sequences in which diagnostic body fossils are lacking, a late Vendian? to early Placentian-equivalent (sub-Tommotian-equivalent) age is assigned to the Cochran and Unicoi Formations. An early late Placentian-equivalent (early to late Tommotian-equivalent) age is assigned to the Nichols and Hampton Formations and the lower and middle Nebo Formation. Finally, a late Place'ntian-equivalent or younger (Atdabanian-equivalent or younger) age is assigned to the upper Nebo, Murray, Hesse and Helenmode Formations. The Precambrian-Cambrian boundary is probably located somewhere within the uppermost portion of Cochran-Unicoi interval. Because the Cochran-Unicoi is predominantly a coarse-grained, feldspathic terrestrial (braided fluvial/alluvial) sequence, the precise location of the Precambrian-Cambrian boundary may never be determined in the southern Appalachian region.</p>
<p>Variability along strike in Chilhowee facies has been recognized within the confines of the fluvial-to-marine transition. Facies identified across East Tennessee localities cross formational boundaries; thus, a facies analysis provides a .practical basis for studying patterns of Chilhowee sedimentation.</p>
<p>Throughout East Tennessee, six facies were recognized: the <strong>conglomerate facies</strong>, the <strong>interlaminated mudstone-sandstone facies</strong>, the <strong>sandstone facies</strong>, the<strong> siltstone-mudstone facies</strong>, the <strong>hummocky facies</strong>, and the <strong>quartz arenite facies</strong>. The fluvially dominated conglomerate facies represents deposition within a braided stream system, and is typical of the basal Chilhowee Group throughout the outcrop belt. Associated with the conglomerate facies is the interlaminated mudstone-sandstone facies, which represents lacustrine deposition within a braidplain subenvironment of the braided stream system.</p>
<p>Above the fluvially dominated basal Chilhowee, variability along strike increases in the marine-dominated facies. The hummocky, sandstone, and quartz arenite facies consist of interbedded conglomerate, sandstone, siltstone, and mudstone exhibiting fair-weatherand storm-wave produced sedimentary structures. Sedimentation occurred in an offshore, storm-dominated shelf, which received progradational pulses of sand (quartz arenite facies) from a craton-ward source.</p>
<p>Variations in relative abundance and stratigraphic position of shelf facies (hummocky and mudstone-siltstone facies), grain-size, and bed-thickness within the Chilhowee Group represent variations in coeval Chilhowee paleoenvironments along strike, attributable to differences in progradation versus transgression at the continental margin. Dispersion of lower Chilhowee Group paleocurrent modes suggest that topographic irregularities, possibly inherited from rifting, may have established initial sedimentary dispersal systems, which influenced later shelf facies variations. With passive-margin stabilization, paleocurrent modes assumed a more uniform pattern of cratonic sediment dispersal to the east. Examination of the available structural data as well as the distribution of facies described above suggest that present day structural strike in the area does not coincide with the latest Proterozoic to Early Cambrian depositional strike. Trends in proximality (with respect to the craton) can be characterized as representing both a northwest to southeast gradient, and a northeast to southwest gradient. This geometry is consistent with previous suggestions of Rankin and Thomas, that the southern strike belts occupied a position within an embayment, while the northeastern strike belts occupied a position adjacent to or within a promontory (Tennessee embayment and Virginia promontory, respectively).</p>
<p>Examination and point-counting of samples (n=112) collected from basal Chilhowee Group strata (Unicoi and Cochran Formations) indicates that the majority of framework grains were derived from underlying Proterozoic rocks. Variation along strike in the relative abundances of the various framework grains, the gross thickness of basal Chilhowee strata, and the restriction of rift-related basaltic volcanism to northeastern exposures are interpreted here as the result of diachronous rifting. Based on regional stratigraphic and sedimentologic patterns, two stages of rifting can be recognized: 1) a Late Proterozoic event giving rise to the numerous Late Proterozoic sequences across the area. This rift stage was followed by a period of tectonic quiescence when sedimentation patterns may have been dominated by thermal subsidence; and 2) a latest Proterozoic to Early Cambrian rifting event which was restricted to the area adjacent to the Virginia promontory.</p>
<p>Recent mapping in the metamorphic core of the southern Appalachians has led to the identification of several internal basement massifs interpreted as windows exposing parautochthonous basement beneath the main thrust sheet. In many instances this parautochthonous basement possesses a metasedimentary cover sequence. One such internal massif is exposed in the Piedmont of North Carolina by the Sauratown Mountains window. Here, the 1.2 Ga basement is overlain by a cover sequence of metaarkose, schist, and quartzite. The westernmost of the quartzite bodies is exposed on Pilot Mountain in Surry County, North Carolina. Lithologic and stratigraphic similarities between the sedimentary sequence at Pilot Mountain and the Chilhowee Group of eastern Tennessee, have prompted some to propose stratigraphic equivalence.</p>
<p>Despite amphibolite-facies regional metamorphism and multiple periods of deformation, the quartzite of Pilot Mountain displays a diverse array of primary sedimentary features. Detailed examination of the primary structures preserved within the quartzite at Pilot Mountain resulted in the delineation of three facies interpreted as representing inner shelf to foreshore marine deposition. In view of the regional west to east gradient in Chilhowee Group sedimentation described above, the quartzite at Pilot Mountain (which possesses a stratigraphic thickness exceeding 45 m) <em>does not</em> appear to represent a distal shelf portion of this passive margin sequence. Palinspastic cross-sections through the Appalachian orogen indicate that the sedimentary sequences exposed within the Sauratown Mountain window and East Tennessee occupy the same relative positions with respect to the Laurentian continental margin today as they did when they were deposited. Two possible paleogeographic- paleotectonic interpretations then seem plausible: 1) the quartzites of the Sauratown Mountains window represent Late Proterozoic, Ashe Formation-equivalent deposition along a sea-floor high associated with the partially or fully rifted basement terrane. In this case subsequent orogenic activity would have resulted in the over-thrusting of the massif and the cover by the finer-grained, offshore deposits of the Ashe Formation, 2) the quartzites of the Sauratown Mountains window represent latest Proterozoic to Early Cambrian (Chilhowee Group time-equivalent) deposition on an isolated, rifted continental fragment. Bathymetric shallowing along the flanks of basement block would result in the deposition of shallow-water sediments derived primarily from the rifted Grenville basement block.</p>
167. <p>Figure 44 in Appendix 1 is a duplicate of Figure 43 due to an editing mistake. The data for Figure 44 can be referred to in the second column of Figure 39. The MCNP6 calculation for the 400-MeV/nucleon carbon ions on the lithium target, which is shown in the first column of Figure 39 and Figure 43 in Appendix 1, is in error due to a mistake in the input to the code. The corrected MCNP calculations now show better agreement to the data.</p>
168. <p>On May 29, 1865, President Andrew Johnson issued a Proclamation of Pardon and Amnesty and outlined the manner in which the provisional government of North Carolina would be organized. While the President's proclamation of amnesty absolved the majority of Confederates for their activities against the United States, fourteen classes, such as minor Confederate office holders, high-ranking Confederate civil and military officials, men indicted for treason and those owning more than $20,000 worth of property in 1860, had to compose a pardon petition, swear an oath of allegiance, and forward the documents to their respective state governors who sent the documents to Washington. </p>
<p>This study is the first to mine and analyze the 850 pardon petitions filed by men in Tennessee and Western North Carolina in order to understand the factors which motivated men of varying social, educational, and economic backgrounds to link their futures with the Confederacy. Furthermore, these pardon petitions offer an immediate commentary on the mood of defeated Southerners and their anxieties as they waited for the terms of peace from the North. </p>
<p>An analysis of the pardon documents explores the process of Reconstruction on a state and local level and emphasizes the role of state governors played in executing the President's policy. In addition, the dissertation offers a corrective to those historians who have concentrated on the wealthy and elite southerners who applied for pardon, while ignoring a substantial number of number of men who aided the Confederacy by holding office, donating goods to the Rebel army, or who required a pardon to escape a trial for treason. </p>
<p>President Johnson pardoned the overwhelming majority of ex-Confederates who applied, much to the chagrin of Congress. As Southerners exercised their right to vote and hold office, many elected ex-Rebels to local, state, and national offices. Alarmed at the defiance and recalcitrance, Congress decided that the President's plan was a failure and that a different program has to be instituted. </p>
169. <p>No Abstract, used part of Introduction.</p>
170. <p>Very large file (108 MB)</p>
171. <p>Emotion regulation is the process by which individuals are able to manage emotional arousal, emotional display, and attention processes, as well as the ability to properly respond and express emotions to others. In toddlers, a deficit in emotion regulation is often displayed by exhibition of externalizing behaviors. This study examines the development of emotion regulation from infancy to two and a half years of age. The model proposed in this study examines heart rate variability in infancy, and child characteristics, self-regulation, and parent-child interaction style in toddlerhood as predictors of externalizing behavior in toddlers. Results from the study reveal that deficits in the self-regulatory system are the most important contributor in the development of externalizing behaviors in toddlers. However, the parent-child interaction style also played a significant role in that parents who rated themselves as being emotionally available, nurturing, not depressed, and claim mostly positive interactions with their child were less likely to have a toddler with externalizing behavior problems. However, a poor self-regulatory system, which included difficulty with sleeping and eating as well as sensory sensitivity and the expression of negative affect, accounted for 20% of the variance.</p>
172. <p>Large file 67mb</p>
173. <p>Large file (60 MB)</p>
174. <p>This report summarizes a Mechanical Engineering Senior Design Project to design and produce a prototype solution to the problem presented within the report. The project consisted of a complete and operating prototype, a formal presentation, and finally, this summary report. </p>
175. <p>Neuromodulation, or modulation of neurons, can be done by several molecules, some that are natural, and some that may need to be taken in the form of a drug. In turn, these molecules can alter the activity of neurons within the brain, such as changing the behavior, the rhythmicity, the functionality, and even the rate of activity. Some examples of neuromodulators include copper and isoproterenol, a synthetic analog of adrenaline.</p>
176. <p>This project explores the causes of the Ciompi Revolt of 1378, seeking to identify both its long-term economic impetus as well as its short-term political impetus.</p>
177. <p>This report focuses on the physical and economical design of a facility used to irradiate diseased bee hives.</p>
178. <p>Patient valuables are often misplaced and lost when transferring patients from room to room in the hospital due to lack of a formal system for handling and tracking personables.  This team designed, developed, and manufactured an easy to use storage system capable of Bluetooth positional tracking that incorporated an RFID locking system to provide casual theft protection for everyday use by hospital staff and patients.  The development of a cheap, effective system which decreases item loss and hospital liability has the potential to be implemented in hospitals across the nation.  </p>
179. <p>A systematic literature review on medications used for treatment of multiple sclerosis and the safety of their use during breastfeeding. From this review, an infographic was developed to help inform mothers who have multiple sclerosis when deciding whether to breastfeed their infant or to formula-feed.</p>
180. <p>Mastitis—the inflammation of the mammary tissue—is a major endemic disease in dairy cattle that often results from intramammary infection, causing significant losses in the dairy industry in both profit and product quality. With the continued development of mastitis control programs, the incidence of infections associated with contagious pathogens in commercial dairies has declined, yet these measures have had limited success in controlling environmental mastitis pathogens, which remain an issue even in well-managed herds. The pathogen <em>Streptococcus uberis, </em>in particular, accounts for a substantial proportion of clinical and subclinical mastitis cases; furthermore, its various strains differ in terms of their virulence and resistance to the host immune response, often able to survive and proliferate despite substantial neutrophil activity, which normally would kill pathogens. To better understand the nature of this resistance, six mutated clones of the <em>S. uberis </em>clinical isolate UT888 were subjected to a bactericidal assay using fresh bovine neutrophils, and their growth at designated time points was compared, with the objective of identifying mutants that were susceptible to being killed by neutrophils. These mutants were selected from the previously generated mutant library based on the results of a preliminary MTT screening that indicated that the six chosen mutants produced significantly greater reactive oxygen species (ROS) in the presence of neutrophils (PMN+) than without (PMN-). As greater ROS production is considered an indicator of cell stress, it was expected that these mutants would be more susceptible to neutrophil killing and thus would exhibit less cell growth in PMN+ versus PMN- conditions in the bactericidal assay. However, five of the six mutants presented with a greater ratio of cell growth of PMN+: PMN-; a single mutant (12E2) exhibited a lower ratio and thus may present an area of interest for future investigations. </p>
181. <p>Archaeological interest in the study of slave lifeways on the plantations of the Southeast has steadily grown over the past ten years. Historians have provided insights into the daily lives of slaves through the use of slave narratives and other documents; but these resources rarely discuss in detail the material culture of the slaves, or the complicated social relations surrounding slaves and their master. Archaeological research provides the means to recover material culture of slaves, and significantly contribute to our understanding of their lifeways. To date, the great majority of archaeological research has been conducted on large plantations of the Lowland South, along the coasts of Georgia and Florida. </p>
<p>The archaeological research presented here is a first step in the documentation and description of slave material culture and lifeways in the East Tennessee region of the Upland South. Archaeological investigations were conducted on the Mabry Plantation, located about ten miles west of Knoxville, in Knox County, Tennessee. These investigations were successful in identifying the remains of two nineteenth century slave cabins and recovering the associated material culture. Archaeological research also identified and documented features associated with outbuilding and fences of the razed Mabry mansion, providing an overview of the plantation design and layout. Investigations near the mansion located and artifact deposit associated with the planter, yielding contemporaneous artifacts for direct comparison to those associated with the slave quarters. </p>
<p>Analysis of the architectural remains of the slave cabins is used to reconstruct the characteristics of the quarters. The material culture of the slaves is presented, and interpretations of slave lifeways in this area of the Upland South is provided. A central theme to the research is the comparison of the ceramics of slave and master to better understand the social relations between the two groups. Ceramic attributes used in research on Lowland South plantations are reviewed and utilized in this study. </p>
<p>The conclusions reached in this study are that the Mabry Plantation slave's housing and material culture are not overtly representative of the oppressive and demeaning conditions of slavery. The Mabry slaves, through their own initiative and determination, are believed to have acquired their own ceramics, maintained social contact with other slaves in the area, and preserved their ethnic identity in spite of the surrounding pervasive and dominant Euro-American society.  </p>
182. <p>(Large 35 MB file because of four color map plates at the end.)</p>
183. <p>(Large file - 103 MB. May be slow to download.)</p>
